Blogging.
So as I told you it is always recommended to visit VM where documentation and get more information off
the software from the source they actually.
So for that we go through google with V.M. where it will take you to the documentation of the VM where
all you can go from this Nanc doc VM where dot com VM where you for the index.
So the same you can get it this way and then search for the VM where you spend category or you can go
directly to the start VM where dot com slash English slash VM where slash index dot each amount.
So this is the VM where the condition of the VM where this fit we have different mission.
Right.
Do you see these fears.
6.5 we have this year old and this year five point five.
So as we cover into core the latest version into Tuireann that means a 6.5 we go that lets you do this
6.5 and get to do the ties from the content of the document.
So we have different information.
High end of the center server.
Thats what we cover in the top part of the course.
The first one and the second one we talk about is I do the center server.
Then we have this year up.
Manager of course we talk a little about the updates manager but of course there are more details to
discover from the documentation.
We also have virtual sun and the spirit of protection does get that our protection is the backup software.
Its talk about the different backup software that you can use with VM with the individuals.
We didn't score this topic because it is not in the scope or the goals they then the VM Ware updates
manager and do is excite.
So if you click on it I and the decenter have a lot of information right here the configuration maximum.
So you can click on the configuration maximun to get details about it.
You see a lot of detail right here.
Of course we cover some of them but not on all of them.
So you can check this one by one or you can simply click on this.
Pick the name right here.
You don't know do the documentation.
So if you click on it it will take your to do the documentation of all this if you want to read the
content from a PDA.
So is it the documentation of the configuration Maximov is about 25 page.
It is always Oracle wanted to read the content from the documentation.
So if we check the content as quick as possible you see an addiction victory and machine maximum How
watch Veggie and machine maximum you can use X I Hulst muxing mom to compute maximal memory storage
network etc..
A lot lot of information.
So for example let's check this one.
So the different hardware Maximov for our virtual machine.
So virtual Sibiu part virtual machine should not be more than one hundred twenty eight spew then how
much RAM.
It's about six terabytes.
That's mean you can't create a virtual machine with more than six terabytes if you do this via 6.5.
Of course in the older version it's will be less than six terabytes in the six want or in the 5.5.
It will be less than that.
But then how much vitriol is caused the other virtual machine how much vitriol and how much is it that
a lot of information then for example where we check this one about do I host.
So how much are Hosken support for logicals super perhaps is about five hundred seventy six spewed.
Then how much virtual machine part has you can create up to 24 virtual machine for every horse that
had 6.5.
Then you can create up to four thousand ninety six that you see.
That's me.
You can create a virtual machine with any number of spew but the thought of the video spew in all virtual
machine in that host should not be more than four thousand ninety six.
Then virtual see barcode etc. then the filters if you remember we talk about default but it also lets
me the maximum hardware for every virtual machine that can be used for the photo runs if you remember
16 that you are a disk to terabytes for the disk size for Sibiu bought a virtual machine 64 gigabytes
virtual machine and for a virtual machine for me you can enable up to four virtual machine inside that
host and eight Super you host.
Then I mean more around.
Remember we create our host with four right of.
But you can create a host with lots twirl.
There are a byte from the storage etc. there are a lot lot of useful information that you can get from
the documentation.
So it is always recommended to check to condition.
So and this is the difference information about the maximum of every service of the view.
Then you can check the other information.
Let's take this one
they'll have the astonishment and set up we cover the installation and set up what is right and center
the upgrade if you want to upgrade the spare five or five or six or two and the newer version 6.5.
The point of view center server and host management we talk about is the server appliance configuration.
We cover a little quick about the center instead of an appliance.
When we asked old appliance fast action about a recent or separate appliance platform service control
the mission the virtual machine administration will host profile.
If you remember our fall section about hospital if I don't networking to Stahl's we talk about the difference.
I've been able to Visby security we didn't cover the security because it's about complexity of the post-war
times out of the station.
That's mean if you leave your central server can't open and leave it for some minutes it will close
automatically the station.
So you can get more details about this for security for your security resource management.
That's me and a derrieres eyes are really disparate ability the monitoring and the performance.
It's about the monitoring of the different tours.
Also for using some service like the really operation management etc. the single host management trouble
sruti and that's me.
If you have a problem how to fix that.
Shooting of course we can't cope are a different issue that we can have in the real environment.
We make a little about it.
For example if you want.
Nobody knows how to mix up troubleshooting to enable the fault.
But it does not match your machine.
That does not accept default like in plugged us be disconnected.
CD disabled the hot plugging etc..
So you can get more trouble shooting from this one.
Then you have additional resources and do the formats.
All those documents right there you can't get them PTF formatted operation maximum despues from networking
to bit storage security etc. you can simply click on any of this one and you will download the file
of this documentation.
So my request is to go and check Aldo's thank or try to download the app if you like to read Canton's
from the pre-death download all the speedy documentation.
I will try to share this link with you in discourse.
But if you can't download those documents from Microsoft you can simply go to a doc lots VM way or dot
com.
The word is first last index and go to the version that you use.
If you use an older version or a spare You can go to the old version and download Alda's documentation.
So this is everything about the VM work fear in double quotes.
And thank you for chosing my course to lead VM where visit from me and see you in the next new course.